Day 1: Introduction to NodeJS
Today was the first day of my software development course focused on NodeJS, MongoDB, ExpressJS, Angular, and the MEAN-Stack. 
We started with an introduction to NodeJS, its architecture, and its features. We learned how to install NodeJS, create a simple web server, and use 
Node Package Manager (npm) to install and manage packages. We also discussed the differences between NodeJS and other server-side technologies like PHP 
and Ruby on Rails. Overall, it was an exciting and informative day.

Day 2: MongoDB
Today we learned about MongoDB, a popular NoSQL database that stores data in a document-oriented format. We discussed the advantages and disadvantages of 
using MongoDB and how to install it. We also learned how to perform basic CRUD (create, read, update, delete) operations using the MongoDB shell and how to
connect to a MongoDB database from NodeJS. It was fascinating to see how easy it is to work with MongoDB, and I can't wait to start building applications 
with it.

Day 3: ExpressJS
Today we learned about ExpressJS, a web application framework for NodeJS. We discussed the basics of routing, middleware, and templating engines. We also 
learned how to create a simple web application using ExpressJS and how to handle different HTTP requests like GET, POST, and PUT. We also discussed the role 
of middleware in an ExpressJS application and how it can be used to add functionality to our application. Overall, it was a great day, and I feel confident
in my ability to create simple web applications using ExpressJS.

Day 4: Angular
Today we learned about Angular, a popular front-end framework for building dynamic web applications. We discussed the basics of Angular, including 
components, modules, services, and templates. We also learned how to create a simple Angular application and how to use Angular CLI to generate components,
services, and modules. We also discussed the role of observables in Angular and how they can be used to handle asynchronous data. Overall, it was an 
exciting day, and I am looking forward to building more complex applications using Angular.

Day 5: MEAN-Stack
Today we learned about the MEAN-Stack, a full-stack JavaScript solution for building web applications. We discussed how to integrate NodeJS, MongoDB, 
ExpressJS, and Angular to create a powerful and scalable application. We also learned how to use Mongoose, an Object Data Modeling (ODM) library for 
MongoDB, to create schemas and models for our data. We also discussed the importance of modularizing our application and how to use Angular modules and 
services to create reusable components. Overall, it was a great week, and I feel confident in my ability to build complex web applications using the 
MEAN-Stack.
